revamp cv docs and fix rf-detr (#46219)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/tasks/object_detection.md

>>> notebook_login()
```

> To get started, we'll define global constants, namely the model name and image size. For this tutorial, we'll use the RF-DETR model. Feel free to select any object detection model available in the `transformers` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define global constants, namely the model name and image size. This tutorial uses RF-DETR, but you can select any object detection model in Transformers.
```

```py
>>> MODEL_NAME = "Roboflow/rf-detr-medium"
```

## Load the mobile-ui-design dataset

The [mobile-ui-design dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/merve/mobile-ui-design) contains mobile app screenshots with
annotations for detecting UI elements such as text, images, rectangles, and groups.

Start by loading the dataset, extracting category labels, and creating a train/validation split:

```py
>>> from datasets import load_dataset

>>> ds = load_dataset("merve/mobile-ui-design")

>>> CATEGORIES = sorted(set(
...     cat for split in ds.values() for example in split for cat in example["objects"]["category"]
... ))
>>> label2id = {label: i for i, label in enumerate(CATEGORIES)}
>>> id2label = {i: label for label, i in label2id.items()}
>>> print(f"Categories ({len(CATEGORIES)}): {CATEGORIES}")
Categories (4): ['group', 'image', 'rectangle', 'text']
```

> The dataset uses string category names and bounding boxes in COCO format `(x, y, w, h)`. We need to convert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dataset uses string category names and bounding boxes in COCO format `(x, y, w, h)`. Convert the
```

```

Before passing the images to the `image_processor`, apply two preprocessing transformations to the dataset:

- Augmenting images
- Reformatting annotations to meet DETR expectations

First, to make sure the model does not overfit on the training data, you can apply image augmentation with any data augmentation library. Here we use [Albumentations](https://albumentations.ai/docs/).
This library ensures that transformations affect the image and update the bounding boxes accordingly.
The 🤗 Datasets library documentation has a detailed [guide on how to augment images for object detection](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/object_detection),
and it uses the exact same dataset as an example. Apply some geometric and color transformations to the image. For additional augmentation options, explore the [Albumentations Demo Space](https://huggingface.co/spaces/qubvel-hf/albumentations-demo).

```py
>>> import albumentations as A

>>> train_augment_and_transform = A.Compose(
...     [
...         A.Perspective(p=0.1),
...         A.HorizontalFlip(p=0.5),
...         A.RandomBrightnessContrast(p=0.5),
...         A.HueSaturationValue(p=0.1),
...     ],

> ...     bbox_params=A.BboxParams(format="coco", label_fields=["category"], clip=True, min_area=25),

Reviewer 2: Not sure about this, IMO it would be valuable to let users know how to set training transforms. If I understand the new example code correctly it doesn't use any random augmentations.

> The `image_processor` expects annotations in the COCO format: `{'image_id': int, 'annotations': list[Dict]}`. We format each example's annotations and let the processor handle the rest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `image_processor` expects annotations in the COCO format: `{'image_id': int, 'annotations': list[Dict]}`. Format each example's annotations and let the processor handle the rest:
```

```py
>>> MODEL_NAME = "Roboflow/rf-detr-medium"
>>> IMAGE_SIZE = 480
```

## Load the mobile-ui-design dataset

The [mobile-ui-design dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/merve/mobile-ui-design) contains mobile app screenshots with
annotations for detecting UI elements such as text, images, rectangles, and groups.

Start by loading the dataset, extracting category labels, and creating a train/validation split:

```py
>>> from datasets import load_dataset

>>> ds = load_dataset("merve/mobile-ui-design")

>>> CATEGORIES = sorted(set(
...     cat for split in ds.values() for example in split for cat in example["objects"]["category"]
... ))
>>> label2id = {label: i for i, label in enumerate(CATEGORIES)}
>>> id2label = {i: label for label, i in label2id.items()}
>>> print(f"Categories ({len(CATEGORIES)}): {CATEGORIES}")
Categories (4): ['group', 'image', 'rectangle', 'text']
```

The dataset uses string category names and bounding boxes in COCO format `(x, y, w, h)`. We need to convert
categories to integer ids, compute areas, and filter out degenerate bounding boxes before training:

```py

> >>> IMAGE_ID_TO_SIZE = {}

Reviewer 3: It's fine as an example but to note, this (module-level) can cause issue on multi-rank training as `_get_orig_size` reads from this at eval time.
